feat(deposition): split and move out functions to be reused in raw reads, improve manifest creation code, fix bug in assembly revision code (#7017)
loculus-project/loculus: ena-submission/ENA_submission.md

## 2. [Revising Assemblies](https://ena-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/update/assembly.html)

> It appears that all fields that were explicitly set via the manifest must be updated via an email. This includes changes to any field that is in the `assembly_manifest_fields_mapping` field of the default.yaml. Additionally, study and sample reference must stay the same and chromosome names cannot be changed (but new ones can be added).

Reviewer: Is still accurate? Didn't we hear from ENA that we can submit revisions for manifest fields (author list) without having to reach out via email?

Author: They told us this but we weren't actually able to revise the manifest (then old and new authors showed) so we have a flag `allow_revision_with_manifest_changes` to enable or disable automated manifest revisions - I will update the readme

> It appears that all fields that were explicitly set via the manifest must be updated via an email. This includes changes to any field that is in the `assembly_manifest_fields_mapping` field of the default.yaml. Additionally, study and sample reference must stay the same and chromosome names cannot be changed (but new ones can be added).

Author: ```suggestion
Study and sample accessions must stay the same in a revision and chromosome names cannot be changed (but new ones can be added). In the past, all metadata fields that were set via the manifest had to be revised via an email. ENA has now informed us we can revise these fields in a normal automated revision but we have had issues with it, so we have a `allow_revision_with_manifest_changes` flag which can enable/disable automated manifest revisions.
```
